an hour is worth a [ __ ] hour I was
the other day live putting together this little
figure ok when I bought it each
cool to capsule not to tomás the only thing that
happens when I bought it I believed according to
the photos
I have that it was something like that the
figure that breaks down a plan half
statue like I liked it okay and
when I get to the checkout I find
this it has the size of a
playmobil click a little bit more maybe but let
's go terrible the figure okay it is
terrible do not buy these figures
when you see them on the internet because they are
absolute garbage ok the arms are
supposed to be moved ok to
put it in the position you want the
face ok he can move his arms
legs and everything but it breaks it breaks
okay it breaks the pieces don't fit you
can't put the males and females
that are supposed to fit this
what I did in the end was glue it I
put a little glue to be
able to glue it from the back I saw it and you can
see the whitish a little I
glued it below because they didn't fit in the
grandparents of the base no [ __ ]
[ __ ] but well
and more here meanwhile they will be
lost in the crowd because I have
here I would go so much without more although I think
that they do not even appreciate and none there
comes a time when there is so much [ __ ]
that your sight does not let in it is
nothing today I am going to talk to you about something that
really pisses me off it pisses me off
and it does not concern me I am serious I
am not exaggerating or anything like that and the thing
is that I have already
spoken to you about today on several occasions on
this channel and it pisses me off it outrages me it
pisses me off a lot even if it does not
concern me directly look so that you
understand a little and put it in context
ok I have my main channel which is
this one here with which I generate certain
income and then I have a
secondary channel with which I generate other
income ok what my
secondary channel is about that almost all of you know my
secondary channel I created it with the
intention of uploading things that were not
very relevant or things that I did not
want to answer from the
main channel but in the end one day I
came up with the idea of ​​​​how I did so many
live shows on the platform  you know and
those live shows
were sometimes funny
they were fun they talked about
topics that were interesting
things were done I didn't have about 10,000 subscribers back
then the secondary channel or
the course - but I said [ __ ] done what I
do in each live show like the pieces no
imagine in a live show three
topics are discussed well I take those three topics and
upload them to youtube nowadays
what is done even that I do the live shows
simultaneously on you know and
on youtube and they are summarized on
youtube but in a way it was a
brilliant idea because it was a hit and it
really is a gold mine it is
my secondary channel there is no lie it is even
triple that of the main channel in
many months it is crazy because there are
people who like to put those
videos that are very long in the background they have it at
hand while they work while they do
housework
while they drive they put it on the
radio I don't know people put it there in the
background and it's like how cool no then well it
has a lot of audience retention there
is a lot of content because I do it
live almost every day weird  in the
day earns two live streams that's a lot of
videos okay it generates more for me even than the
main channel well imagine that
someone was doing that with my
live streams but without being me I know that
literally someone was in my live
streams recording it and then when I
finished that live stream because today they upload 3
or 4 extracts that person is earning
a lot of money with my content but without
Serbian imagine okay it would be to have
a face that you flip out well
basically the channel is that they are dedicated to
those to literally there are channels that
live off that it's an absolute nonsense they have
caught the fashion of
naming it a little bit of a little bit of blond a
little bit of Juan Guarnizo a little bit of the rose
of Guadalupe no I don't know if it's from the rose of
Guadalupe or what it refers to but let's go it
has 112 thousand subscribers this 160,000
this more than 300 thousand they have been inspired a
little bit by the channel a little bit of everything to
give it this name okay from the channel a
little bit of everyone they are viral videos
news news okay never in the one that is
very successful but for the blond it is you  you
put a little bit of Rubio on this channel
okay and it's like it was a [ __ ] channel
that belonged to the ruble and you go
to their videos and what they do is
literally a channel that they closed a
channel that was called el tito tire copy
leave videos about that topic in the
description okay they look for something he even
made a fortune with this he works hard at making
his thumbnails he edits the
videos he takes the live extracts
from the ruble and uploads them every day to this
channel as if they were his own okay and this one
in particular for example he gives me a little bit of
Rubio he doesn't know what he sees and he makes his banner
or rather as if it were going to become his okay
I explained it this one in particular about
Rubio we can see that it gains almost four
million monthly visits okay it
also gains quite a few daily followers I would
calculate that this channel could be
earning it is very relative but
well let's say that at most you
earn 2000 2500 at most about 6000
okay I think that things will be around there in the
middle here we have the same thing on
another channel but from Juan Guarnizo okay
that we know that a kid who is
squeezing it in tweets is worth it, I think in
fact the Spanish speaker with the most
members in your life, that is, the most
paying subscribers,
his super-curated panel is worth the same here as with his
networks,
well, his recommended channels, his
thumbnails are worth it, and this one is
worth the same, this channel is dedicated every day to
when Juan finishes the live streams, he
uploads the excerpts that he finds most
relevant, how he reacts to his
wedding video or in reaction to some and how
relating addicts look at the [ __ ]
visits to he has the same visits as
my channel, well with this channel, crazy about
this channel, he earns between one thousand and three thousand
subscribers daily, okay,
more than seven million
monthly visits, this channel, at very little, at
very little, would be earning 14 thousand dollars,
but come on, I think it will probably be
earning between 7 and 10 thousand,
okay, because I put so much margin, not because I
put such a big orchid on what he
could be earning, no, yes, I'm
telling you from 2000 to 5000 it's a
tremendous range, but the thing is,
monetization on YouTube is very, very
relative, you can't know what he earns  a
channel based on their views because
some of those videos may be
yellow or may be copyrighted and
their audience may be more Mexican
or their audience may be more US based.
It's 11 pm, I would change it a lot. It also
depends a lot on the length of
the videos. So I'm saying what I
could be charging, the least, the
most, and what I think, but come on,
this is shameless. I mean,
look at everything that is dedicated to these
channels. ok, these channels are dedicated to
watching these youtubers' live streams and
when the live streams are over, the
strata are separated and they had to be made to [ __ ] click click click
click. The worst thing is that the
youtubers have kind of left this as
a lost battle. I, I,
I, if they did this to me, I'll say it from
here. I, I, if they did this to me, I wouldn't
allow it even if I had to hire
someone to dedicate themselves to taking down all
these channels for copyright every
day. Let's see, for example, the other day I
actually spoke with Juan Gobán Guarnizo on the
phone and he told me that he kind of gave
up because he was taking down a
channel and  three others appeared as if they
were the head made of
Hercules' dragon and basically it's not that
basically there is a person living off
your work will want banana the next one for
that you take and you create the
channel and this you do well something
similar is what has happened
currently to Luisito Comunica but the
place with direct because Luisito I think does
not do direct because of some
images of himself lately playing
video games I do not know if he is doing
but I am not informed the thing is that he is
very constant uploading drips
distará and there was a channel that was dedicated
to living off his stories distará I had come across
this channel on
some occasion searching for information or
clicking on I visit Comunica and I get that
promise that I wanted this channel
was officially Luisito Comunica's
look at me I have a bald ass with
our things but when I see the channel it
is so presentable look at the logo okay
Luisito Comunica stories okay with his
bread and even look look at the video that is
posted as a presentation of the channel
on the cover of the media I know that
many new followers are going to come to this
account  such did not know existed so I
take this opportunity to
welcome you and tell you again
that it seems totally that you give an
official channel or I swear it is subscribed
because when I found this channel it
negotiates like a [ __ ] I subscribed because
that way I do need some
success stories communicate that you already know that they
last 24 hours because here they stay
forever because it turns out that it is not
Luisito's the guy now to hide his
followers I do not know how many followers he
has but I do the visits of
a channel of a channel that can live that
has the visit in more or less of a
channel like wine where we read
YouTube channel of Instagram stories that's right
Luicio you want to monetize everything yes but
this is not the only reason here he gives you the
explanation what happens in disguises that there was
a YouTube channel that had been spending
months of hours months uploading my
stories pretending to be me and
monetizing
reviewing has been bringing in scaling
earning money with my content what's
wrong I have some visits but they don't
sell oh open very dishonest and
carnal earning money with my videos  what's
wrong with men' the same with which I'm
doing this these swipe
up go to my channel I put on
video so you know that it's mine mine mine mine
well nothing proceed to claim
everything for copyright carnal you
ran out piggy bank and asier
money dishonest from another part that's not like
that I like I'm
glad you visited communicate take it
if really because as it should be I
understand that there are youtubers who say
well I don't care because they charge
so much money that maybe what
that person is earning is say well
third but I don't see it like that I
see it literally stealing I see it
as if every month at the end of the month
me who today was part of my salary and I
gave it to a person that I don't even
know who it is because if you still know that they
are helping the family that
needs it if you still know that he is a
good person but it's that he doesn't know who
is behind it that we don't know if it is him
because he has many channels anymore to me it
seems
incredibly shameful and I'm glad you visited it take
action the  shooter has hidden the
statistics I don't know how many subscribers he would have
but let's go by visits I can
tell you that this one didn't earn as much money
as these channels
that raised the clicks of the blond that
some are still good as I have
shown but he does have a small salary
not stratospheric but but it is useful to
say that you earn without creating anything hey
man let's see if you want to dedicate yourself to youtube
because a beautiful profession that you like that
is a passion or whatever dedicate yourself
curla you sacrifice your time you
sacrifice a lot of things that
the rest of us sacrifice to be able to
live from this to be able to achieve it
because this is filth a pigsty
this is being a tick not the
next thing because there is still a way to
comment on the controversial viral topics not the
pse or you can take this write
and comment on it not like we do here on the
controversial channels
perez that this is directly
identity theft or
directly this would be the
original channel of luisito comunica okay this
is the this is the real luisito
comunica I tell you all so that it is not
subscribed like  it happened to me so that I am not
subscribed to this one and they subscribe to their
real one which is this one but you know what's
worst when I visit comunica it has
reported this obviously many of us have been
outraged but
hundreds more channels have come out trying to pass themselves
off as the original channel of the
visito comunicativo how little does it look that the
ratio how hungry how embarrassing how disgusting how
needy man how desperate I don't
know really made to give it's embarrassing
look how many channels have come out with the
same profile picture with the same name
trying to make them smell like it was
luisito's stories channel god
really pitiful look here there's one that is
even about to reach a thousand
subscribers or in other words it is about to
get monetization man pathetic what's
going on friends luis and I here greeting
you currently from dubai
look how beautiful this is my
stories channel here I am going to be uploading my
instagram stories
that most of them are very funny they are
very good they are very cool and why am I
doing this well to share
selassie because I don't like it really it doesn't
seem fair to me that other people earn
money in short  my stories that
was happening and it's one of the
main reasons why I'm
doing this because I don't like it when
someone else gets smart and says I'm going to
make money with the
curtain stories that's not cool it's not cool and
well also to share my
stories that are usually fun
actions of being cool subscribe to this
channel the only one that I own the only
official
ok the others are imitations made by
someone else
and love what there are many likes we'll
see each other with cool stories around here
a lot of love for everyone you see crocs as I already
said at the beginning of the video I would be
leaving the description to some videos
that are quite related to this
topic from my point of view because
this really pissed me off and he trots it out
several times on the channel and in particular there
was a channel that was
living off the blonde for years okay the worst thing is
that on
top of that he even says something to him and they act
offended and dignified okay that
this guy when I dedicate videos
denouncing him the guy acts very
dignified saying well let's see it's that I don't
earn that much money because I have to spend part of that
money on donating
loyal blond from time to time and to pay for my
college so in the end I don't
stay that long and I was like dude
what a [ __ ] [ __ ] he has such nerve
how
on top of that
people's money
[Music]
and the same thing is worth this payment the same or rather
when people have gone to his channel to
leave him dislikes to leave him comments it's
planning that it's not the real legal one he
communicates on top of that the god has become outraged and
feels bad and feels he has the right
to complain that he's going to come out and give
explanations this has always happened I
remember a channel that existed a
couple of years ago that was called el perro malo
or el perro something or something like that and it was dedicated
to uploading Winn-Dixie stories
Labrum play okay I don't know if the stories
or also clip I think they were the
stories he made a lot of money okay he had
a lot of visits a lot of
subscribers in fact the channel even
became famous and when Gwen Michu
Lauro plays they took down that channel they took
down that channel the turkey came out
creating another channel
very outraged saying that they had to
settle that that was sal seo and the
well-known salsa singer is what I  I make a
comment on it fair use
is the only one that makes clients take
others put them you see how incredible and they
always have that in common okay
then when you say something to them they get
upset and indignant
create one for the gossip site say goodbye
to the money I'm going to explain everything in a video I request he doesn't answer me here we see how people put the comment and the turkey as consistency brags in the access he approved the monetization for me because in fact it is legal to do this the monetization was approved because youtube is in [ __ ] [ __ ] okay
youtube has a rule to approve
the monetization ok and the first time I
reach certain hours of viewing
and I reach a thousand subscribers ok
what happens is that also if it is
summarized content they usually don't
approve it on some occasions what happens
like for example in the channel that created
today the numbers agree impersonating
kenia or is it that the channel already has
approved the monetization before okay take it
easy for the kid to reach two
thousand subscribers uploading any
[ __ ] and he already has it but when it's with
this type of  things are normally
tested on monetization because it does not
detect the content as an
uploaded network because it is not noticeable that it is a re-
upload because in this case for example
he has edited it he has put an intro he puts
the social network next to it he
puts a frame as if he
modifies it a little not for what I had to know that it
is the content as a network his life
has to be that it is one hundred percent a
duplicate video here he says that he earns zero
euros I sincerely do not believe that he
earns zero I do not believe that this channel in
particular I have already said I do not believe that he earns
stratospheric figures but zero
euros either realize that in a
comment he is saying that they have
approved the monetization not that they
approved the monetization because it is
legal according to him that it is not legal I
say it myself what is legal is the
legitimate use that I have already explained in other
videos more extensively but in this
case it would not be self-legitimate under any
circumstances and he is saying that they
approved the monetization because it is
legal but here he says that he does not earn anything, I mean, let's see
if it is clear colleague and here he is
saying that he was thinking of sending that money to
a foundation that little  shame on you
seriously that there is that how pitiful how
sad what a rat and how shameless he
is saying that he doesn't make money then that I
continue that you are going to send it to a
foundation are you going to stay or are you
a [ __ ] scoundrel of [ __ ] that has been
with this channel for a year god he has been
with this channel for many years he does not
even clarify that any
nothing that was not him visited okay in fact he
tries to school you as if he
visited putting that
presentation video on the cover and he has been
living the [ __ ] story for a year it has
turned out well for you and Luisito it is seen and he is
going to monopolize you there are many people reporting
the channel okay no matter how many
reports you put I tell you that I do not think
the channel will fall with your reports
because in case of
copyright, the reports are useless, the
reports in copyright have to be
reported by the person you and Neal of the
content in this case Luisito or his
network are the ones who have to take over and in
half an hour they take down that channel no matter how many times I
go there are two million people to
report that channel, it is useless, it is
useless well I do not know what  vice for
identity theft and maybe it will
work but due to copyright what
has to be done is Luisito okay
Luisito can take down that channel in half an
hour so do it Luisito really
for me these channels are a lot of
cancer on YouTube a lot of cancer and the
worst thing is that they monetize worth the worst and what
angers me the most is that munitis and
on top of that I remember one I don't remember
if it was the red ing married the blonde just in case it
was the sea what with the sea
the treatments of things that they
told me that I criticized it out of envy
with your [ __ ] mother like Syrian like the
Netflix movies I put something on them and
monetize them that on YouTube you
imagined us you didn't imagine me
right now I already have a channel with 300 thousand
subscribers I already have an audience I already have
monetization accepted and now I
go and start downloading movies
from Netflix I put something on them to circumvent
copyright I don't try I don't know if it will be
possible and I start uploading it imagine I
start uploading movies here on my channel
and  They give a lot of money to do it
right there and then, guys, that's it for
today's video. I'm
pretty busy this week, okay, I have a couple of
meetings, projects, important things, I don't
know if I'm going to have a lot of time to
make videos on the main channel, but
I'll try to do live videos almost every day,
okay, I'm on my
secondary channel almost every day, not one,
so activate the bells because
the bells lately are
working like [ __ ], you guys are
deaf, I don't know, but anyway, see you,
oh
and